what's up guys in this video I'm going
to teach you how to make a simple and
delicious general tso chicken and I
would like to thank Massie Hillman for
making request to make this recipe so
the first thing that you need to do to
make this recipe is you need to make the
sauce to make the sauce you need the
following 4 cup chicken stock
2 TSP sugar 1 TSP of white vinegar 4 TSP
patience off
freeze TSP soya sauce ye TSP sesame oil
two tsp corn starch okay so the first
thing you gotta add is the chicken stock
the sugar give it a good stir add the
white vinegar give it a stir add the
hoisin sauce and give it a good stir add
the soy sauce and continue to stir add
the sesame oil
and give it a good stir the last thing
that you add is the cornstarch to
thicken the sauce I can smell the
perfume of all the ingredients of the
sauce give it a good stir so now that
you made your sauce set it aside for now
you will need it later
here's the rest of the ingredients you
will need dice chicken thigh or chicken
breath
puh tablespoon of sesame oil 1 cup
spring onion 4 pieces of red chili
pepper this is optional 3 tbsp fresh
sliced ginger 2 tbsp fresh minced garlic
- a quite one-and-a-half cornstarch
one pinch salt and pepper and we need
canola oil to fry your chicken thigh or
chicken breast for later first put some
salt onto the chicken thigh along with
the black pepper and stir together add
the egg white to the chicken thigh
and continue to stir add the canola oil
to the frying pan turn on your stove to
medium heat roll the chicken into the
cornstarch as you see here then shake it
to get rid of the excess cornstarch if
you cannot use chopsticks you can use
your hand as you can see here I have
rolled up the chicken thigh into the
cornstarch and they are ready to be
thrown into the frying pan add the
chicken into the frying pan the oil is
nice and hot
wait until the chicken thigh is light
golden brown or until the chicken thigh
looks like popcorn chicken okay so as
you can see the
chicken thigh is
golden-brown and it looks sort of like
popcorn chicken so
just throw in the strainer
the access or your
it smells so good I really want to eat
it now I'm so hungry
we're done frying the chicken thigh for
now so we're going to move on to the
next step
set your chicken thigh aside heat up
your frying pan to medium heat then add
the sesame oil when the oil is hot add
the sliced ginger next add the minced
garlic and stir next add the spring
onion and stir next add the chili pepper
if you want this is optional first stir
the sauce and then add it to the frying
pan and stir put the stove on low heat
and stir until the sauce becomes
thickened
the sauce has now thickened and it's
time to add the chicken thought stir
really well as you see here mmm the
smell of the perfume of all the
ingredients in the frying pan smells so
good I'm really hungry now
mmm the so chicken is now ready to be
served
it looks very good guys I'm gonna dig in
because I'm so hungry too bad you guys
weren't here to taste some I dedicate
this YouTube video to Messiah Hillman
since this youtuber was the one who
suggested that I make this recipe so I
hope you're watching if you like the
YouTube videos that I make please
subscribe to my youtube channel if you
haven't already rate this video comment
and share it with others thanks for
watching